lab/compute: Replace D with C in `Wait for Me Once More` (#271)
open-education-hub/operating-systems: content/chapters/compute/lab/content/threads.md

### Practice: Wait for Me Once More

Go to `support/wait-for-me/wait_for_me_threads.c`.

> Spawn a thread that executes the `negateArray()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spawn a thread that executes the `negate_array()` function.
```
